Add a note: Separation of positional and keyword arguments in Ruby 3.0 (#2293)
ruby/www.ruby-lang.org: en/news/_posts/2019-12-06-separation-of-positional-and-keyword-arguments-in-ruby-3-0.md

## tl;dr

In Ruby 3.0, positional arguments and keyword arguments will be separated.  Ruby 2.7 will warn for behaviors that will change in Ruby 3.0.  If you see the following warnings, you need to update your code:

* `The last argument is used as the keyword parameter`, or
* `The keyword argument is passed as the last hash parameter`, or
* `The last argument is split into positional and keyword parameters`

In most cases, you can avoid the incompatibility by adding the _double splat_ operator. It explicitly specifies passing keyword arguments instead of a `Hash` object. Likewise, you may add braces `{}` to explicitly pass a `Hash` object, instead of keyword arguments. Read the section "Typical cases" below for more details.

In Ruby 3, a method delegating all arguments must explicitly delegate keyword arguments in addition to positional arguments.  If you want to keep the delegation behavior found in Ruby 2.7 and earlier, use `ruby2_keywords`.   See the "Handling argument delegation" section below for more details.

## Typical cases

Here is the most typical case. You can use double splat operator (`**`) to pass keywords instead of a Hash.

> ```

Reviewer: How about using:
```
```ruby
```
so the code is also syntax-highlighted? I think that would improve readability quite a bit.

Author: Annotations are added.  61fd17bb

Unfortunately, syntax-highlighting seems not to work currently.
https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/documentation/faq/1/

Author: I understand, jekyll requires `{% highlight ruby %}...{% endhighlight %}`.  Will fix soon

```
def ruby2_keywords(*)
end if RUBY_VESRION < "2.7"
```

---

If your code doesn't have to run on Ruby 2.6 or older, and you don't care a corner case, you may try the new style in Ruby 2.7.  In almost all cases, it works.  Note that, however, there are unfortunate corner cases as follows:

```
def target(*args)
  p args
end

def foo(*args, **kwargs, &block)
  target(*args, **kwargs, &block)
end

foo({})       #=> Ruby 2.7: []   ({} is dropped)
foo({}, **{}) #=> Ruby 2.7: [{}] (You can pass {} by explicitly passing "no" keywords)
```

An empty Hash argument is automatically converted and absorbed to `**kwargs`, and the delegation call removes the empty keyword hash, so no argument is passed to `target`.  As far as we know, this is the only corner case.

As noted in the last line, you can work around this issue by using `**{}`.

If you really worry about the portability, use `ruby2_keywords`.  (Acknowledge that Ruby 2.6 or before themselves have tons of corner cases in keyword arguments. :-)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ruby2_keywords` might be removed in the future after Ruby 2.6 reaches end-of-life. At that point, we recommend to explicitly delegate keyword arguments (see Ruby 3 code above). If you still need to support Ruby 2.6 at that time, you will need a version check and use a mix of both approaches.

```

Author: I agree with the first two sentences.  The last one is to allow users to use 2.6 even after EOL?  It is non-sense to me.

Reviewer: > `ruby2_keywords` might be removed in the future after Ruby 2.6 reaches end-of-life.
> At that point, we recommend to explicitly delegate keyword arguments (see Ruby 3 code above).

Third sentence:
> If you still need to support Ruby 2.6 at that time, you will need a version check and use a mix of both approaches.

I mean if some gem wants to support some Ruby 3.x which would not have `ruby2_keywords` *and* Ruby 2.6, they will need a version check like:
```ruby
if RUBY_VERSION >= "3.0" # or if !defined?(ruby2_keywords) if we are careful with the ruby2_keywords gem.
  def foo(*args, **kwargs, &block)
    target(*args, **kwargs, &block)
  end
else
  ruby2_keywords def foo(*args, &block)
    target(*args, &block)
  end
end
```

Many gems support Ruby versions far after the corresponding CRuby version is officially EOL, so we cannot ignore that case.

Author: I'm unsure if I meant what I'd like to say... Of course, people can use 2.6 after EOL, at their own risk.  I think it is non-sense for us (Ruby core team) to care and mention such a case.

Reviewer: I think we need to care a bit about that case, because the kwargs changes are going to be pretty ugly for those cases. I think it's better to write something than nothing which might be interpreted as "the Ruby core team doesn't care about that case and their only written solution is to drop Ruby 2.6 support, which might not be an option for that gem".

Could you approve the suggestion and then adapt the third sentence in a next commit?

Reviewer 2: I don't think we want to mention version checks as a way to keep far future and 2.6 compatibility.

* Every place you are mentioning a version check will result in slower code in CRuby 3.0 (unless someone rewrites CRuby's keyword support). 
* We don't know what the status will be with `ruby2_keywords`, but it is likely it will be present until at least 2.6 EOL, which means Ruby 3.2 will still support it.  We can reevaluate later whether it should be kept longer.
* We shouldn't go out of our way to cater to people who use EOL versions.
* If we do drop `ruby2_keywords`, we can have a new (and much smaller) document that shows users how to cope with that change.

Author: > Could you approve the suggestion and then adapt the third sentence in a next commit?

Done, and removed the third sentence.

Reviewer: > Every place you are mentioning a version check will result in slower code in CRuby 3.0 (unless someone rewrites CRuby's keyword support).

That depends on the check. If it was something like `if RUBY_VERSION > "3.2"` or `if !defined?(ruby2_keywords)` then it wouldn't slow down code for any of those version before `ruby2_keywords` is removed (that needs some care in the `ruby2_keywords` gem to only define the `ruby2_keywords` method if < 2.7, it would anyway be incorrect for later versions, I'll make a PR).
After `ruby2_keywords` is removed it can't be used obviously, and I'd say the earlier the better since we'll have to face it eventually anyway.

I'm fine to not have code about the version check in the blog post.
Just the third sentence above is better than nothing.

FWIW, I still consider it's a huge hack we need a magic `ruby2_keywords` modifier to get delegation working in a programming language, and that we broke `*args`-delegation. The blog post already mentions:
```
def foo(*args, **kwargs, &block)
  target(*args, **kwargs, &block)
end
```
as it should, because that is the logical/clean/intuitive way to do delegation in Ruby 3+.
(I'm also fine with new ways like `...`)

IMHO we should focus on making those fast, because those ways are clean and intuitive.
`ruby2_keywords` won't be forever, I think it makes very little sense to use `ruby2_keywords` in new code after the Ruby 3.0 release and IMHO a hack should not be used just for performance of delegation.

Back to this blog post, from what I see you're not against my original suggestion, but rather about the specifics of the code above. So can we just apply my suggestion and propose further tweaks if desired?

Reviewer: > Done, and removed the third sentence.

OK, better than nothing, thanks.

foo(k: 1)
  #=> Ruby 2.7 or later: no keywords accepted (ArgumentError)
```

This is useful to make it explicit that the method does not accept keyword arguments.  Otherwise, the keywords are absorbed in the rest argument in the above example.  If you extend a method to accept keyword arguments, the method may have incompatibility as follows:

```
# If a method accepts rest argument and no `**nil`
def foo(*args)
  p args
end

# Passing keywords are converted to a Hash object (even in Ruby 3.0)
foo(k: 1) #=> [{:k=>1}]

# If the method is extended to accept a keyword
def foo(*args, mode: false)
  p args
end

# The existing call may break
foo(k: 1) #=> ArgumentError: unknown keyword k
```

## Why we're deprecating the automatic conversion

The automatic conversion initially appeared to be a good idea, and worked well in many cases.  However, it had too many corner cases, and we have received many bug reports about the behavior.

Automatic conversion does not work well when a method accepts optional positional arguments and keyword arguments.  Some people expect the last Hash object to be treated as a positional argument, and others expect it to be converted to keyword arguments.

> Here is one of the hardest cases:

Author: I meant 難しい (most difficult to understand and handle).  "most confusing" looks perfect.  Thanks!

```
def foo(x=1, **kwargs)
  p [x, kwargs]
end

foo({}, **{}) #=> ?

> ```

Reviewer: This example is unconvincing for me because it uses `**{}` which almost no real Ruby code uses today. I think a simpler example using e.g. an optional argument and showing both possible desired outcomes would be much better.
I.e., if we did all those changes to save this I'd say not worth it.

Author: Actually, it is not just an artificial example.  I've changed the explanation to a more descriptive one in 874673ad.

Typically, you can fix the issue by using the "double splat" operator to pass keywords instead of a Hash object, or writing braces to pass a Hash object instead of keywords.  See the next section.

A method that *delegates* arguments needs to delegate keyword arguments explicitly in Ruby 3.  If you want to write compatible delegation code that works on older Ruby versions and Ruby 3, use `ruby2_keywords`.  See the "Handling argument delegation" section in detail.

## Typical cases

Here is the most typical case. You can use double splat operator (`**`) to pass keywords instead of a Hash.

```
# This method accepts only a keyword argument
def foo(k: 1)
  p k
end

h = { k: 42 }

# This method call passes a positional Hash argument
# In Ruby 2.7: The Hash is automatically converted to a keyword argument
# In Ruby 3.0: This call raises an ArgumentError
foo(h)
  # => demo.rb:11: warning: The last argument is used as the keyword parameter
  #    demo.rb:2: warning: for `foo' defined here; maybe ** should be added to the call?
  #    42

# If you want to keep the behavior in Ruby 3.0, use double splat
foo(**h) #=> 42
```

> Here is another case.  You can use braces to pass a Hash instead of keywords explicitly.

Author: I hear that "another" includes "an".  Actually, google says:

* "Here is another case": 2M hits
* "Here is an another case": 7k hits

> Here is another case.  You can use braces to pass a Hash instead of keywords explicitly.

Reviewer 2: `another case` is definitely better than `an another case`.  You could also use `an additional case`, but that's too wordy IMO.  Showing the braces seems fine, though.

> Here is another case.  You can use braces to pass a Hash instead of keywords explicitly.

Author: Imported the braces, thanks!

```
# This method accepts one positional argument and a keyword rest argument
def bar(h, **kwargs)
  p h
end

# This call passes only a keyword argument and no positional arguments
# In Ruby 2.7: The keyword is converted to a positional Hash argument
# In Ruby 3.0: This call raises an ArgumentError
bar(k: 42)
  # => demo2.rb:9: warning: The keyword argument is passed as the last hash parameter
  #    demo2.rb:2: warning: for `bar' defined here
  #    {:k=>42}

# If you want to keep the behavior in Ruby 3.0, write braces to make it an
# explicit Hash
bar({ k: 42 }) # => {:k=>42}
```

## What was deprecated?

In Ruby 2, keyword arguments can be treated as the last positional Hash argument and a last positional Hash argument can be treated as keyword arguments.

> Because the automatic conversion was sometimes too complex and troublesome (described in the last section), it is deprecated in Ruby 2.7 and will be removed in Ruby 3.  In other words, keyword arguments will be completely separated from positional ones.  If you want to pass keyword arguments, you should always use `foo(k: expr)` or `foo(**expr)`.  If you want to accept keyword arguments, in principle you should always use `def foo(k: value)` or `def foo(k:)` or `def foo(**kw)`.

Reviewer 3: What is "(described in the last section)?" I don't think the last section "Typical cases" explaining the ambiguous cases clearly.

Author: I meant the final section "Why we're deprecating the automatic conversion", not the previous one.  Is "described in the final section" better?

Reviewer 2: Yes, you definitely want to use `final section` instead of `last section`, as `last section` implies the section you just read, not the section at the end of the document.

Author: Fixed, thank you!

> Because the automatic conversion was sometimes too complex and troublesome (described in the last section), it is deprecated in Ruby 2.7 and will be removed in Ruby 3.  In other words, keyword arguments will be completely separated from positional ones.  If you want to pass keyword arguments, you should always use `foo(k: expr)` or `foo(**expr)`.  If you want to accept keyword arguments, in principle you should always use `def foo(k: value)` or `def foo(k:)` or `def foo(**kw)`.

Author: Could you remove the last empty backquotes?

> Because the automatic conversion was sometimes too complex and troublesome (described in the last section), it is deprecated in Ruby 2.7 and will be removed in Ruby 3.  In other words, keyword arguments will be completely separated from positional ones.  If you want to pass keyword arguments, you should always use `foo(k: expr)` or `foo(**expr)`.  If you want to accept keyword arguments, in principle you should always use `def foo(k: value)` or `def foo(k:)` or `def foo(**kw)`.

Author: Imported, thanks.

```
def foo(kwargs = {})
  kwargs
end

foo(k: 1) #=> {:k=>1}
```

This is because this style is used very frequently, and there is no ambiguity in how the argument should be treated. Prohibiting this conversion would result in additional incompatibility for little benefit.

However, this style is not recommended in new code, unless you are often passing a Hash as a positional argument, and also using keyword arguments.  Otherwise, use double splat:

```
def foo(**kwargs)
  kwargs
end

foo(k: 1) #=> {:k=>1}
```

## Will my code break on Ruby 2.7?

A short answer is "maybe not".

The changes in Ruby 2.7 are designed as a migration path towards 3.0.  In principle, Ruby 2.7 only warn against the behavior that will not work on Ruby 3.0.  But there are some incompatible changes in Ruby 2.7, which we consider minor.  See the "Other minor changes" section for details.

Except for the warnings and minor changes, Ruby 2.7 attempts to keep the compatibility with Ruby 2.6.  So, your code will probably work on Ruby 2.7, though it may emit warnings.  And by running it on Ruby 2.7, you can check if your code is ready for Ruby 3.0.

> The warnings are printed every time the deprecated behavior is triggered.  You may think it is annoying.  You can suppress duplicate warnings using the following hack:

Reviewer 2: This section needs to be updated now that duplicate warnings are suppressed.

Author: Good catch!  Changed at 3c2091b2.  I'm unsure if we should keep a unrecommended advice (`$VEBOSE = nil`).

```
def foo(*args, &block)
  target(*args, &block)
end
```

### Ruby 3

You need to explicitly delegate keyword arguments.

```
def foo(*args, **kwargs, &block)
  target(*args, **kwargs, &block)
end
```

Alternatively, if you do not need compatibility with Ruby 2.6 or prior and you don't alter any arguments, you can use a delegation syntax (`...`) that is introduced in Ruby 2.7.

```
def foo(...)
  target(...)
end
```

### Ruby 2.7

In short: use `Module#ruby2_keywords` and delegate `*args, &block`.

```
ruby2_keywords def foo(*args, &block)
  target(*args, &block)
end
```

`ruby2_keywords` accepts keyword arguments as the last Hash argument, and passes it as keyword arguments when calling the other method.

In fact, Ruby 2.7 allows the new style of delegation in many cases.  However, there is a known corner case.  See the next section.

### A compatible delegation that works on Ruby 2.6, 2.7 and Ruby 3

In short: use `Module#ruby2_keywords` again.

```
ruby2_keywords def foo(*args, &block)
  target(*args, &block)
end
```

> Unfortunately, we need to use the old-style delegation (i.e., no `**kwargs`) because Ruby 2.6 or prior does not handle the new delegation style correctly.  This is one of the reasons of the keyword argument separation; the details are described in the last section. And `ruby2_keywords` allows you to run the old style even in Ruby 2.7 and 3.0.  As there is no `ruby2_keywords` defined in 2.6 or prior, please use [ruby2_keywords gem](https://rubygems.org/gems/ruby2_keywords) or define it by yourself:

Reviewer 2: `final section` instead of `last section` here as well, I think.

```
def ruby2_keywords(*)
end if RUBY_VESRION < "2.7"
```

---

If your code doesn't have to run on Ruby 2.6 or older, and you don't care a corner case, you may try the new style in Ruby 2.7.  In almost all cases, it works.  Note that, however, there are unfortunate corner cases as follows:

```
def target(*args)
  p args
end

def foo(*args, **kwargs, &block)
  target(*args, **kwargs, &block)
end

foo({})       #=> Ruby 2.7: []   ({} is dropped)
foo({}, **{}) #=> Ruby 2.7: [{}] (You can pass {} by explicitly passing "no" keywords)
```

> An empty Hash argument is automatically converted and absorbed to `**kwargs`, and the delegation call removes the empty keyword hash, so no argument is passed to `target`.  As far as we know, this is the only one corner case.

Reviewer 2: `only corner case` instead of `only one corner case`

As noted in the last line, you can work around this issue by using `**{}`.

If you really worry about the portability, use `ruby2_keywords`.  (Acknowledge that Ruby 2.6 or before themselves have tons of corner cases in keyword arguments. :-)

---

In some extreme cases, you may need to check a Ruby version.  Typically, if accepting arguments is not done at the same time of passing them to another method, you need to write:

```
if RUBY_VERSION < "2.7"
  def accept_and_save_args(*args, &block)
    @args, @block = args, block
  end

  def pass_saved_args
    target(*@args, &@block)
  end
else

>   ruby2_keywords def accept_and_save_args(*args, **kwargs, &block)

Reviewer 2: This is incorrect.  You can't use `ruby2_keywords` on a method that accepts keyword arguments.

I would remove this example of checking Ruby version, since `ruby2_keywords def accept_and_save_args(*args, &block)` will correctly pass positional arguments and keywords to `target`.

I suppose you could remove `ruby2_keywords` from the else branch, but that results in significantly more code, and it is also slower in CRuby.

Author: Wow, I can't understand why I wrote this.  Removed at 213e70fb.

Do you have any example where a version check is needed?

Reviewer 2: I suppose version checking could be needed if you are checking if the last argument is a hash, and using `Hash#merge`:

```ruby
def foo(*args)
  args[-1] = args[-1].merge(bar: false) if args[-1].is_a?(Hash)
  target(*args)
end
```

This wouldn't work with `ruby2_keywords` as the hash returned by `Hash#merge` does not have the flag set on it.  In this case you may want a version check, switching to using keywords on 2.7+.

Author: Thanks.  Well, I'm unsure what you want to do by this code.  It converts the calls:

* `foo(1, 2, 3)` to `bar(1, 2, 3)`
* `foo(1, 2, 3, {})` to `bar(1, 2, 3, {bar: false})`
* `foo(1, 2, 3, **{})` to `bar(1, 2, 3, bar: false)`

Is this really intended?

Reviewer 2: It actually converts `foo(1, 2, 3, **{})` to `bar(1, 2, 3)`, since the double splat of empty hash does not pass an argument.

It would convert `foo(1, 2, 3, a: 'b')` to `bar(1, 2, 3, {a: 'b', bar: false})` (even with `ruby2_keywords`.  Under Ruby <2.7, the expectation is probably it would modify keywords and result in `bar(1, 2, 3, a: 'b', bar: false)`, but that doesn't happen as `Hash#merge` returns a hash without the keyword flag.  This is a possible case where you would want to use different method definitions, with explicit keywords on Ruby 2.7+ and the existing code on Ruby 2.6:

```ruby
if RUBY_VERSION < '2.7'
  def foo(*args)
    args[-1] = args[-1].merge(bar: false) if args[-1].is_a?(Hash)
    target(*args)
  end
else
  def foo(*args, **kw)
    target(*args, **kw, bar: false)
  end
end
```

Note that this does not result in the exact same behavior. In 2.6 this will modify a positional hash argument, while the 2.7 version does not.  Also, if `target` doesn't accept keywords, the 2.7+ code passes an additional `{bar: false}` argument to it.

This isn't a good example either, as the code given for 2.7 works as far back as 2.0.  So you should probably just switch to using keywords unless you need to support Ruby <2.0. 

So I can't think of a reasonable case where you would want to use a version check.  We should probably just not mention version checking.

Author: Thanks!

> So I can't think of a reasonable case where you would want to use a version check. We should probably just not mention version checking.

Agreed.  Let's add a reasonable case if/after we encounter it.

    @args, @kwargs, @block = args, kwargs, block
  end

  def pass_saved_args
    target(*@args, **@kwargs, &@block)
  end
end
```

## Other minor changes

There are three minor changes about keyword arguments in Ruby 2.7.

### 1. Non-Symbol keys are allowed in keyword arguments

In Ruby 2.6 or before, a non-Symbol key was not allowed in keyword arguments.  In Ruby 2.7, keyword arguments can use non-Symbol keys.

```
def foo(**kwargs)
  kwargs
end
foo("key" => 42)
  #=> Ruby 2.6 or before: ArgumentError: wrong number of arguments
  #=> Ruby 2.7 or later: {"key"=>42}
```

> If a method accepts both optional and keyword arguments, the Hash object that has both Symbol keys and non-Symbol keys was splitted into two in Ruby 2.6.  In Ruby 2.7, both are accepted as keywords because non-Symbol keys are allowed.

Reviewer 2: `split in two` instead of `splitted into two`

```
def bar(x=1, **kwargs)
  p [x, kwargs]
end

bar("key" => 42, :sym => 43)
  #=> Ruby 2.6: [{"key"=>42}, {:sym=>43}]
  #=> Ruby 2.7: [1, {"key"=>42, :sym=>43}]

# Use braces to keep the behavior
bar({"key" => 42}, :sym => 43)
  #=> Ruby 2.6 and 2.7: [{"key"=>42}, {:sym=>43}]
```

> Ruby 2.7 will still split hashes with a warning if passing a Hash or keyword arguments with both Symbol and non-Symbol keys to a method that accepts explicit keywords but no keyword rest argument (`**kwargs`).  This splitting will be removed in Ruby 3, and an `ArgumentError` will be raised.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Ruby 2.7 still splits hashes with a warning if passing a Hash or keyword arguments with both Symbol and non-Symbol keys to a method that accepts explicit keywords but no keyword rest argument (`**kwargs`).  This splitting will be removed in Ruby 3, and an `ArgumentError` will be raised.
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!

```

### 2. Double splat with an empty hash (`**{}`)  passes no arguments

In Ruby 2.6 or before, passing `**empty_hash` passes an empty Hash as a positional argument.  In Ruby 2.7 or later, it passes no arguments.

```
def foo(*args)
  args
end

empty_hash = {}
foo(**empty_hash)
  #=> Ruby 2.6 or before: [{}]
  #=> Ruby 2.7 or later: []
```

Note that `foo(**{})` passes nothing in both Ruby 2.6 and 2.7.  In Ruby 2.6 and before, `**{}` is removed by the parser, and in Ruby 2.7 and above, it is treated the same as `**empty_hash`, allowing for an easy way to pass no keyword arguments to a method.

In Ruby 2.7, when calling a method with an insufficient number of required positional arguments, `foo(**empty_hash)` passes an empty hash with a warning emitted, for compatibility with Ruby 2.6.  This behavior will be removed in 3.0.

```
def foo(x)
  x
end

empty_hash = {}
foo(**empty_hash)
  #=> Ruby 2.6 or before: {}
  #=> Ruby 2.7: warning: The keyword argument is passed as the last hash parameter
  #             warning: for `foo' defined here
  #=> Ruby 3.0: ArgumentError: wrong number of arguments
```

### 3. The no-keyword-arguments syntax (`**nil`) is introduced

> `**nil` is allowed in method definitions to explicitly mark that the method accepts no keyword arguments. Calling such a method with keyword arguments will result in an `ArgumentError`.  (This is not an incompatibility but a new feature.)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can use `**nil` in a method definition to explicitly mark the method accepts no keyword arguments. Calling such methods with keyword arguments will result in an `ArgumentError`. (This is actually a new feature, not an incompatibility)
```

```
def foo(*args, **nil)
end

foo(k: 1)
  #=> Ruby 2.7 or later: no keywords accepted (ArgumentError)
```

> This is useful to make it explicit that the method does not accept keyword arguments.  Otherwise, the keywords are absorbed in the rest argument in the above example.  If you want to extend the method to accept a keyword argument in future, it may break the compatibility.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This is useful to make it explicit that the method does not accept keyword arguments.  Otherwise, the keywords are absorbed in the rest argument in the above example.  If you extend a method to accept keyword arguments, the method may have incompatibility as follows:
```

```
# If a method accepts rest argument and no `**nil`
def foo(*args)
  p args
end

# Passing keywords are converted to a Hash object (even in Ruby 3.0)
foo(k: 1) #=> [{:k=>1}]

# If the method is extended to accept a keyword
def foo(*args, mode: false)
  p args
end

# The existing call may break
foo(k: 1) #=> ArgumentError: unknown keyword k
```

> ## Why was it deprecated?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Why we're deprecating the automatic conversion
```

Here is one of the most confusing cases:

```
def foo(x, **kwargs)
  p [x, kwargs]
end

def bar(x=1, **kwargs)
  p [x, kwargs]
end

foo({}) => [{}, {}]
bar({}) => [1, {}]

bar({}, **{}) => expected: [{}, {}], actual: [1, {}]
```

> In Ruby 2, `foo({})` passes an empty hash as a normal argument (i.e., `{}` is assigned to `x`), while `bar({})` passes a keyword argument (i.e, `{}` is assigned to `kwargs`).  So `any_method({})` is very ambiguous.

Reviewer: Much more convincing :+1:
